New page: aria-relevant (#11017)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/accessibility/aria/attributes/aria-relevant/index.md

---
title: 'aria-relevant'
slug: Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-relevant
tags: 
  - Accessibility
  - ARIA
  - ARIA attribute
  - ARIA property
  - aria-relevant
  - Reference
---

> Used in ARIA live regions, the global `aria-relevant` attribute indicates what notifications the user agent will trigger when the accessibility tree within a live region is modified. 

Reviewer: What do you think about "the document," or "the page or view" instead of "the accessibility tree"? I say this because while you're definitely technically correct, a reader may not know what it is.

Author: i linked to https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Accessibility_tree

## Description

> [ARIA live regions](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/ARIA_Live_Regions) are areas of a web page that are updated when user focus may be elsewhere. When an update is outside of the user's focus, assistive technologies such as screen readers won't "see" the update to report it to the user unless the area is a live region. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ARIA live regions](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/ARIA_Live_Regions) are areas of a web page that are updated when user's attention may be elsewhere. When an update is outside of the user's keyboard focus, assistive technologies such as screen readers use a live region area to report updates to the user.
```
